hey whats up guys heretics and today I
got a gameplay of nuketown 2025 and I
bought a house in nuketown 2025 chris
smoove sold me a new house in nuketown
2025 and it's this house right here
which I'm defending I'm defending this
house guys I'm not camping there was
different and when I bought this house
Chris was like young belt out there and
just running gun you'll die and that's
what i spawned in the first thing i did
well i just went out there in the middle
of the map through a c4 got one kill and
I died so so I take his words I just
stay around this house and that'll see
me killing noobs um so nuketown 2025 I
think it really doesn't I'm not a like a
big fan of it in black ops 2 as I was in
black ops 1 because like in black ops 1
there were things that didn't piss you
off you know like the shotguns the light
machine guns as snipers it was just like
a soul and submachine guns those were
like the only does that people used a
little bit of the snipers when they Peck
the patch came out but still it was a it
was a balanced game in this game there I
see so many snipers in nuketown 2025
like trying to go over feeds thinking
they're good thinking their face or
something but and you know like that
like i play on this map a lot because
like not a lot but i play with them i
play on this map when i play it with my
like people that I actually know in real
life because they like to play on this
map and
um when we run into so many snipers and
I haven't seen a single sniper get a
feed like whenever I'm on a kill streak
I'll just get sniped get shotgun or get
um life a light machine gun and with the
target finder that's what I all this guy
with or panic knifed and it just I just
don't like when I doubt like that it
just pisses me off doesn't really like I
don't get rage but you know like razor
ah I do that but I like like like that
that's like the only rage I do I don't
go all insane over a game but there are
some people who do that which is awesome
to spread my missile there to get a quad
but whatever well there's some people
who do that but just not me I don't like
doing that and what pisses you guys have
bought this game guys what is one not
one like if there's more than one leave
it in the comment if there's one leave
it in the comment i don't care there's
three things that pisses me off about
this game all right and you guys
probably know by now it's light machine
guns snipers and shotguns snipers are my
number one list i hate snipers more than
I hate shotguns or like machine guns and
light machine gun is on my second
because my machine guns are basic like
sniper faggots but those guys don't um
like the light machine guns just don't
scope in the whole killcam but they do
like just a min one spot with their
target finder and just kill anyone
that's running across so that's the end
of shopkins i'm not gonna lie i use the
shopkins um shotguns will really piss me
off as much well it's only with a que
estoy and it shoots me across the map i
hate that but i use shotguns it really
doesn't piss me off that much i mean
like in black ops 1 the shotguns were
not that good and people wanted a buff
on them and in this game they make them
good in people
bad so it doesn't really make sense to
me so I don't really get mad over
shotguns because not they're actually
usable even though they're a little
insane but people still like using I'm
one of them and I hope you guys enjoy
those gameplay guys and please leave a
like and favorite those guys thanks bye